src/definitions/userroles/README.md, before:

# User Roles
## Attribute Definitions
General Rules
-------------
 - All user roles are as non-heirarchical (e.g. non-inheriting permissions) as possible.
 - A user may have more than one role.
 - A user may get a new role by:
   - Selecting a role with an equal or lower level.
   - Receiving an invitation/grant from another user of the target role.
   - Requesting a role of a higher level:
     - All current users with the target role receive an alert, and may approve, deny, or ignore the request.
     - If any user with the target role approves the request, the new role is granted, and notifications are sent.
     - If any user with the target role denies the request, the role is denied, and notifications are sent.
     - If the requests are ignored, then the role will be granted after an arbitrary amount of time (e.g. 24 hours).
 - If two permissions conflict, then the user receives the more permissive role.
   - Except that if the user role is `phoneAgent`, access to other users' contact information is limited, regardless of other roles.

User Roles
-------------
 - `admin`
   - Name: Admin
   - Description: An Admin is in charge of the entire system, and has authority to make changes or policies that affect all portals.
 - `portal_admin`
   - Name: Portal Admin
   - Description: A Portal Admin is in charge of just one portal. This role may change all portal settings and approve organizations, giving them _preliminary_ status until an _admin_ approves the organization fully.
 - `primaryContact`
   - Name: Primary Contact
   - Description: A Primary Contact is the face of the organization to other relief agencies using Crisis Cleanup. A Primary Contact may also affiliate his or her organization with other organizations. An organization can (and should) have more than one Primary Contact. When a user selects to be a Primary Contact, all other Primary Contacts are alerted, so they may take action if the self-selection was in error.
 - `teamLeader`
   - Name: Team Leader
   - Description: A Team Leader leads a group of workers or volunteers in the field.
 - `worker`
   - Name: Worker
   - Description: A Worker is a person who assists survivors over the phone or in person by doing activities like assessments, cleanup, debris removal, tree removal, etc. By default, all users are Workers.
 - `phoneAgent`
   - Name: Phone Agent
   - Description: A Phone Agent answers and returns phone calls when the cleanup assistance hotline is active.
 - `mapSpecialist`
   - Name: Map Specialist
   - Description: A Map Specialist has access to special tools to place icons in their correct locations when they are in the wrong location or difficult to place.
 - `translator`
   - Name: Translator
   - Description: A Translator is able to translate website content and/or phone calls into another language.
 - `userSpecialist`
   - Name: User Specialist
   - Description: A User Specialist is someone who knows how to use Crisis Cleanup well enough to help others. They can provide technical support to others and share their knowledge in written help documents.
 - `guestWorker`
   - Name: Guest Worker
   - Description: A Guest Worker is an limited-trust member of the public, usually a spontaneous unaffiliated volunteer, that has been organized by a relief agency. A guest worker must request any other role to become another role. Once they are a full Worker, they may 

Attributes
-------------
 - `lastUpdated`: Date or datetime of last data model update.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: Date or Datetime
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: Now
 - `name_t`: Translated name for the role, such as "Team Leader," or "Map Specialist"
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: string
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `null`
 - `description_t`: Translated description of the role, such as the descriptions in the section above.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `isActive`: If `true`, activates this role. If `false`, then this role is not available. Some roles will require future development.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `createIncident`: Authority to create a system-wide incident that will appear in all portals
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `editPortalSettings`: Authority to edit a single portal's content and all settings. These might include hiding particular incidents, editing static content, banning a particular  uploading images, etc.
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `approveOrgsFull`: Authority to fully approve and set roles for an organization that applies to access the entire system, including all portals
   - Applies to: _admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `approveOrgsPreliminary`: Authority to approve an organization with preliminary status. When a _portal_admin_ approves an organization, that organization has "preliminary" access for privacy and redaction purposes, even if it has other roles. Preliminary access is defined in accessRedaction.json, but is strictly limited until approved by an admin.
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `affiliateOrg`: Authority to affiliate the user's organization with another organization, thereby sharing more data between the organizations.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `inviteWorkers`: Authority to invite other Workers to join the user's organization.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `removeWorkers`: Authority to remove other Workers from the user's organization
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `phoneAgent`: Access to the built-in phone system.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `advancedMaps`: Access to advanced mapping and research resources.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `translate`: Access to advanced translation tools to improve the website or interact with survivors.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `supportAgent`: Access to advanced technical support tools.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `crewManagement`: Access to advanced crew management features.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `viewUserContacts`: Allows user to view ALL contact details (including cell phone) of all other users from other organizations. If set to `false`, the role may only see limited user contact information, such as name and email. This setting is for Phone Agents who have a tendency to inappropriately share the cell phone numbers of relief volunteers with survivors.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `viewSensitive`: Overrides how to treat "verySensitive" class data by applying a single redaction pattern to all verySensitive class data in all mediums, in all circumstances. This is for when a VRC invites guest workers to Crisis Cleanup. They are semi-trusted members of the public, but should not have access to very sensitive information. Note: This can create a serious administration challenge in the future when abused.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `redactDigits` (preferred), `hideField`, `truncateToFive`, `redactAll`, `convertToBoolean`, `noRedaction`, `inherit`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `inherit` from organization
 - `level`: The relative level of the role. E.g. "Primary Contact" is higher than "Worker." Used to mildly regulate access to certain features.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: integer
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: "2"

## Attribute Suffix Conventions
 - `_t`: This attribute must be translated. The value of a translatable key refers to a translated string key in `\src\services\translation.js`


Current list of translatable attributes:
-------------
 - `name_t`
 - `description_t`

Commit message:

Add Incident Primary Contact User Role

src/definitions/userroles/README.md, after:

# User Roles
## Attribute Definitions
General Rules
-------------
 - All user roles are as non-heirarchical (e.g. non-inheriting permissions) as possible.
 - A user may have more than one role.
 - A user may get a new role by:
   - Selecting a role with an equal or lower level.
   - Receiving an invitation/grant from another user of the target role.
   - Requesting a role of a higher level:
     - All current users with the target role receive an alert, and may approve, deny, or ignore the request.
     - If any user with the target role approves the request, the new role is granted, and notifications are sent.
     - If any user with the target role denies the request, the role is denied, and notifications are sent.
     - If the requests are ignored, then the role will be granted after an arbitrary amount of time (e.g. 24 hours).
 - If two permissions conflict, then the user receives the more permissive role.
   - Except that if the user role is `phoneAgent`, access to other users' contact information is limited, regardless of other roles.

User Roles
-------------
 - `admin`
   - Name: Admin
   - Description: An Admin is in charge of the entire system, and has authority to make changes or policies that affect all portals.
 - `portal_admin`
   - Name: Portal Admin
   - Description: A Portal Admin is in charge of just one portal. This role may change all portal settings and approve organizations, giving them _preliminary_ status until an _admin_ approves the organization fully.
 - `primaryContact`
   - Name: Primary Contact
   - Description: A Primary Contact is the face of the organization to other relief agencies using Crisis Cleanup. A Primary Contact may also affiliate his or her organization with other organizations. An organization can (and should) have more than one Primary Contact. When a user selects to be a Primary Contact, all other Primary Contacts are alerted, so they may take action if the self-selection was in error.
 - `incidentPrimaryContact`
   - Name: Incident Primary Contact
   - Description: An Incident Primary Contact is the face of the organization to other relief agencies using Crisis Cleanup for a particular disaster or incident. An Incident Primary Contact may also affiliate his or her organization with other organizations. An organization can (and should) have more than one Incident Primary Contact. When a user selects to be an Incident Primary Contact, all other Incident Primary Contacts are alerted, so they may take action if the self-selection was in error.
 - `teamLeader`
   - Name: Team Leader
   - Description: A Team Leader leads a group of workers or volunteers in the field.
 - `worker`
   - Name: Worker
   - Description: A Worker is a person who assists survivors over the phone or in person by doing activities like assessments, cleanup, debris removal, tree removal, etc. By default, all users are Workers.
 - `phoneAgent`
   - Name: Phone Agent
   - Description: A Phone Agent answers and returns phone calls when the cleanup assistance hotline is active.
 - `mapSpecialist`
   - Name: Map Specialist
   - Description: A Map Specialist has access to special tools to place icons in their correct locations when they are in the wrong location or difficult to place.
 - `translator`
   - Name: Translator
   - Description: A Translator is able to translate website content and/or phone calls into another language.
 - `userSpecialist`
   - Name: User Specialist
   - Description: A User Specialist is someone who knows how to use Crisis Cleanup well enough to help others. They can provide technical support to others and share their knowledge in written help documents.
 - `guestWorker`
   - Name: Guest Worker
   - Description: A Guest Worker is an limited-trust member of the public, usually a spontaneous unaffiliated volunteer, that has been organized by a relief agency. A guest worker must request any other role to become another role. Once they are a full Worker, they may 

Attributes
-------------
 - `lastUpdated`: Date or datetime of last data model update.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: Date or Datetime
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: Now
 - `name_t`: Translated name for the role, such as "Team Leader," or "Map Specialist"
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: string
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `null`
 - `description_t`: Translated description of the role, such as the descriptions in the section above.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `isActive`: If `true`, activates this role. If `false`, then this role is not available. Some roles will require future development.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `createIncident`: Authority to create a system-wide incident that will appear in all portals
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `editPortalSettings`: Authority to edit a single portal's content and all settings. These might include hiding particular incidents, editing static content, banning a particular  uploading images, etc.
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `approveOrgsFull`: Authority to fully approve and set roles for an organization that applies to access the entire system, including all portals
   - Applies to: _admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `approveOrgsPreliminary`: Authority to approve an organization with preliminary status. When a _portal_admin_ approves an organization, that organization has "preliminary" access for privacy and redaction purposes, even if it has other roles. Preliminary access is defined in accessRedaction.json, but is strictly limited until approved by an admin.
   - Applies to: _admin_ and _portal_admin_
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `affiliateOrg`: Authority to affiliate the user's organization with another organization, thereby sharing more data between the organizations.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `inviteWorkers`: Authority to invite other Workers to join the user's organization.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `removeWorkers`: Authority to remove other Workers from the user's organization
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `phoneAgent`: Access to the built-in phone system.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `advancedMaps`: Access to advanced mapping and research resources.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `translate`: Access to advanced translation tools to improve the website or interact with survivors.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `supportAgent`: Access to advanced technical support tools.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `false`
 - `crewManagement`: Access to advanced crew management features.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `viewUserContacts`: Allows user to view ALL contact details (including cell phone) of all other users from other organizations. If set to `false`, the role may only see limited user contact information, such as name and email. This setting is for Phone Agents who have a tendency to inappropriately share the cell phone numbers of relief volunteers with survivors.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `true`, `false`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `true`
 - `viewSensitive`: Overrides how to treat "verySensitive" class data by applying a single redaction pattern to all verySensitive class data in all mediums, in all circumstances. This is for when a VRC invites guest workers to Crisis Cleanup. They are semi-trusted members of the public, but should not have access to very sensitive information. Note: This can create a serious administration challenge in the future when abused.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: `redactDigits` (preferred), `hideField`, `truncateToFive`, `redactAll`, `convertToBoolean`, `noRedaction`, `inherit`
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: `inherit` from organization
 - `level`: The relative level of the role. E.g. "Primary Contact" is higher than "Worker." Used to mildly regulate access to certain features.
   - Applies to: All roles
   - Possible Values: integer
   - Required: Yes
   - Default: "2"

## Attribute Suffix Conventions
 - `_t`: This attribute must be translated. The value of a translatable key refers to a translated string key in `\src\services\translation.js`


Current list of translatable attributes:
-------------
 - `name_t`
 - `description_t`
